
35

SEDIMENTS - STRATIGRAPHY

There are two major facies in the formation (or group) as a whole:

A. Predominantly heavy, usually rather coarse, buff to brown or
copper cg. and ss. in beds commonly 50'-150' thick but occasionally
up to 200'-300' and occasionally tapering to 0; when 2 or more beds
are present, with banded shale between the ss, the sh usually 
equal to or commonly less than the ss in thickness.

In the E and S parts of the Basin, this facies is usually represented
only by a single basal ss or relatively thin central and northern
parts of the Basin, within N.M., this facies predominates and forms
a series at least 500' thick and probably considerably more in
places. In part of S. Colo. it may be absent (see Reeside). Well
seen in Canon Largo and tributaries, also Yegua Canon on E. edge of
basin. As far as I know, no identified fossils have been found in 
the typical development of this facies.

B. Predominantly horizontally banded clays and sandy clays, highly
variegated in color, with some usually soft and white channel sands
and a few massive, persistent, hard buff to copper ss's similar to
those of facies A but forming a minor part of the thickness. This 
facies predominates in the E and S parts of the Basin and forms the
higher part of the formation in the central part of the "Wasatch"
area. In part of S. Colo. it may form essentially the whole 
formation, but the facies here is apparently peculiar and needs 
further study. Well seen in Arroyo Blanco, head of Gavilan, head of
the Largo, Rincon of Regina, etc. 

All identified fossils known to me are from this facies. See more
extensive notes below.

  