
90  the arg. fis. are well exposed. 
The bedding is parallel to that of the 
Pehuenche.  The basal beds are imper- 
fectly or patchily silicified.  Their 
contact against the Pehuenche is sharp 
but not evidently discordant.  The 
thickness, although not exactly 
measured (needs instrumental survey) 
is about half that of the beds of 
similar character at the south of 
Coli-Huapi.  No fossils of 
any sort.  The upper contact is 
equally sharp, equally concordant.  
This series forms a thin but sharply 
defined entity. 
 
  "NOTOSTYLOPENSE" ? Between the 
positively identified Pyrotherium beds 
and the arg. fis. is a series of pale 
tuffs with a maximum observed thickness
of about 100' ? considerably less than
S. of Coli- Huapi evidently 
conformable, with no conglomerates or 
other indications of even local 
unconformity.  Its contact with the 
arg. fis. is seen only in profile AB, 
where it is sharp but parallel.  
Neither in this profile nor in AA were 
any fossils found in this bed.  In the
main barranca this horizon is not 
exposed, at least in the better 
exposures on the north side, but 
occurs in more or less isolated 
exposures among the mesetitas and 
zanjones within the embayment.  Here 
it contains usually its lowest 
exposed 
 
 
				91 
member a massive white tuff with 
some manganese concretions, which has 
sparse bone fragments.  Of the few 
specimens of value found, all appear 
in the field to be of Notostylops age. 
 
  PYROTHERIENSE:  In the embayment 
and along the foot of the barranca at 
its north side (Profile AC) the base 
of the Pyrotherium beds is a fairly 
readily recognizable and constant 
horizon, varying in color and hardness
but generally with a heavy 
conglomerate of tuff pebbles and with 
numerous bones.  In some places this 
bed is obviously unconformable on the 
lower tuffs, at least locally, in 
others there is no sharp line although
the presence of the same bone layer 
with pebbles and with rolled bone 
fragments suggests that the 
unconformity is general in this dis- 
trict. 
  Following the bed as far as 
possible, it seems probable that it 
does not every where lie on the same 
horizon of the tuffs below, i.e. that 
the two are only approximately 
parallel.  The observation is not 
certain, due to the 
confusing nature of the exposures. 

  