

94	of very gentle earth movements 
between the Notostylopense and the 
Pyrotheriense.  Then there was 
fairly strong folding sometime after 
the Pyrotheriense.  So far as I 
know, none of these beds have ever 
been found resting with angular uncon- 
formity on the Creataceous, + here 
they are all found folded equally. 
 
  Supposed exception, Arg. fis.- 
Notostylops not visible here any more 
than at other localities already 
discussed. 
 
 
DEC. 14, 1930			95 
EXCURSION TO BUEN PASTO 
 
  From Camp at Cerro del Humo south 
to junction of Sarmiento-Laguna de los 
Palacios and Sarmiento-Buen Pasto 
roads, then along latter to Buen Pasto 
+ return, same route.  From the 
junction of the roads to about 10 km. 
from Buen Pasto the way is on 
Chubutiano all The time section given 
by Feruglio. 
  On the heights just before the 
descent into the Bajo de Buen Pasto, 
there are several very small and 
isolated exposures visible from the 
road, on both sides. One of these is 
lithologically similar to the arg.fis.
Another, above and nearby, is of tuffs 
lithologically similar to the Tertiary 
series.  Others resemble the latter 
and contain unidentifiable fragments 
of bone.  Beyond indicating the 
probable presence of Tertiary at this 
elevated point, the exposures have no 
paleontological or stratigraphic value.
 
  