
108 
	Cañadon Vaca 
  The cañadon runs roughly ESE-WNW, 
entering the valley of the Río Chico 
near Paso Niemann.  The south side 
appears to be wholly composed of 
sandstone + clay of Pehuenche or 
Chubutiano type and was not 
investigated in detail. On the slope 
of Cerro Salpu, above the general 
level of the south rim, is a small 
area of gray clay and white to red 
sandstone overlying varicolored clays 
and coarse green sandstone.  Near the 
top of this exposure a few fossil 
bone fragments were found, but they 
are unidentifiable, and were on the 
surface. 
  The Tertiary beds with fossils are 
exposed along the north rim, chiefly 
from one to six km., more or less, 
below the Van Wyk house.  The nearest 
extensive exposures (following this 
rim ESE' from Van Wyk's), profile BA, 
furnished very numerous isolated teeth
and jaws, mostly residual, + a few 
skulls, etc. in place.  The farthest 
of the more or less continuous 
exposures, at a place sometimes 
called locally the Oficina del Diablo 
(profiles BB, BC) has little residual 
material but three beds near the base 
of the tuff are extraordinarily rich 
in material in place, including a 
higher percentage 
 
 
327	109 
 
328 
 
329 
	IN 
330 
	BOOK 
 
331	TWO 
 
332 
 
333 
 
334 
 
335 

  