
110  of untransported fossils, skulls, 
associated limb bones, etc., than is 
common in previous notostylopense ex- 
posures. 
  At the base of the section here, 
toward the deeper part of the 
Ca√±adon, are stream deposited sands 
and gravels, often of a characteristic 
brick red color, with clays, generally 
sandy.  No fossils were found in these 
beds.  Between them and the tuffs is 
about 100' of shale, likewise barren 
so far as seen.  The bedding is not 
visible. The surface is mantled by 
checked weathered clay and digging in 
only reveals that it is not laminated 
or thinly bedded. It contains large 
areas that are colored yellowish or 
reddish but the general tone is gray. 
Except in the basal part where 
sandstone lenses occur and where it 
appears not to be regionally 
sharply separated from the underlying 
sands, it contains little or no sand. 
In many places there are large 
patches with very numerous siliceous 
concretions, usually less than a foot 
in diameter.  The upper few feet 
are generally highly concretionary, the 
silicified matter sometimes occupying 
more space than the argillaceous, but 
it nowhere closely resembles the 
"argiles   
 
 
336	111 
 
337 
 
338 
	IN 
339	BOOK 
	TWO 
340 
 
341 
 
342 
 
343 
 
344 

  