
112  fissilaires" as typically 
developed. 
  The contact with the tuff is sharp
and plane as observed in limited 
exposures.  The lowest tuff is also 
concretionary, nearly two meters in 
thickness. Above it comes about 4'-5' 
of thin bedded tuff and sand.  The 
beds are very broadly lenticular, but 
not cross-bedded so far as observable. 
  With one exception + possibly 
another, No fossils were found in 
these two lower beds of the tuff 
series, but good specimens of the 
Notosylops fauna occur immediately 
above the sands. From this point up to 
the rodados at the top of the pampa 
the section consists of tuffs and 
clays of the usual type, with no 
coarse material or lava. 
  The Notostylopense is very thick 
here. From fossils identified in the 
field it can hardly be less than 200',
 + if, as seems likely, the lot under 
#403 is also Notostylopense it is over 
275', possibly considerably more 
  This area contains a topographic 
peculiarity in the form of a bench 
nearly continuous for several 
kilometers, bounded on one side by the 
rising slope of the Pampa, on the 
other generally by a low ridge and 
then a dissected slope down to the 
grey clays. See profile on p. 104.  
It is clearly impossible that this is 
due to erosion and it can only be 
explained by 
 
 
345	113 
 
346 
 
347		IN 
		BOOK 
348 
		TWO 
349 
 
350 
 
351 
 
352 
 
353 

  